make credential_identifiers mandatory for authorization_details flow (#346)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

&client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJSU...
```

> ### Request Issuance of a Certain Credential using authorization_details Parameter

Author: I'm not sure on this one, I think the header level is already correct

> Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the authorization_details parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the `authorization_details` parameter.
```

> Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the authorization_details parameter. This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the `authorization_details` parameter. This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. 
```

> This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. The Wallet may use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. The Wallet can use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).
```

> Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the authorization_details parameter.
> 
> This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. The Wallet may use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Credential Issuers MAY support requesting authorization to issue a Credential using the authorization_details parameter. This is particularly useful, if the Credential Issuer offered multiple Credential Configurations in the Credential Offer of a Pre-Authorized Code Flow. 

The Wallet may use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).
```
I think this makes the point of this sentence clearer.

> The Wallet can use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration in both Authorization Code Flow and Pre-Authorized Code Flow. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Wallet can use `authorization_details` in the Token Request to request a specific Credential Configuration in both the Authorization Code Flow and the Pre-Authorized Code Flow. The value of the `authorization_details` parameter is defined in (#(authorization-details)).
```

* `c_nonce`: OPTIONAL. String containing a nonce to be used when creating a proof of possession of the key proof (see (#credential-request)). When received, the Wallet MUST use this nonce value for its subsequent requests until the Credential Issuer provides a fresh nonce.
* `c_nonce_expires_in`: OPTIONAL. Number denoting the lifetime in seconds of the `c_nonce`.

> * `authorization_details`: REQUIRED when `authorization_details` parameter is used to request issuance of a certain Credential Configuration as defined in (#authorization-details). It MUST NOT be used otherwise. It is an array of objects, as defined in Section 7 of [@!RFC9396]. In addition to the parameters defined in (#authorization-details), this specification defines the following parameter to be used with the authorization details type `openid_credential` in the Token Response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `authorization_details`: REQUIRED when the `authorization_details` parameter is used to request issuance of a certain Credential Configuration as defined in (#authorization-details). It MUST NOT be used otherwise. It is an array of objects, as defined in Section 7 of [@!RFC9396]. In addition to the parameters defined in (#authorization-details), this specification defines the following parameter to be used with the authorization details type `openid_credential` in the Token Response:
```

  * `credential_identifiers`: REQUIRED. Array of strings, each uniquely identifying a Credential Dataset that can be issued using the Access Token returned in this response. Each of these Credential Datasets corresponds to the same Credential Configuration in the `credential_configurations_supported` parameter of the Credential Issuer metadata. The Wallet MUST use these identifiers together with an Access Token in subsequent Credential Requests.

> Note: `credential_identifiers` parameters cannot be used when the `scope` parameter is used in the Authorization Request to request issuance of a Credential.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: `credential_identifiers` cannot be used when the `scope` parameter is used in the Authorization Request to request issuance of a Credential.
```

Reviewer 3: either the above or " the 'credential_identifiers' parameter.....

* `c_nonce`: OPTIONAL. String containing a nonce to be used when creating a proof of possession of the key proof (see (#credential-request)). When received, the Wallet MUST use this nonce value for its subsequent requests until the Credential Issuer provides a fresh nonce.
* `c_nonce_expires_in`: OPTIONAL. Number denoting the lifetime in seconds of the `c_nonce`.

> * `authorization_details`: REQUIRED when `authorization_details` parameter is used to request issuance of a certain Credential Configuration as defined in (#authorization-details). It MUST NOT be used otherwise. It is an array of objects, as defined in Section 7 of [@!RFC9396]. In addition to the parameters defined in (#authorization-details), this specification defines the following parameter to be used with the authorization details type `openid_credential` in the Token Response:

Reviewer: i would like to keep the text as-is

  * `credential_identifiers`: REQUIRED. Array of strings, each uniquely identifying a Credential Dataset that can be issued using the Access Token returned in this response. Each of these Credential Datasets corresponds to the same Credential Configuration in the `credential_configurations_supported` parameter of the Credential Issuer metadata. The Wallet MUST use these identifiers together with an Access Token in subsequent Credential Requests.

> Note: Credential Instance identifier(s) cannot be used when the `scope` parameter is used in the Authorization Request to request issuance of a Credential.

Reviewer: it is a note, so not sure a normative statement goes well with it. also, credential_identifiers is a parameter that is part of authorization details, so it should be clear that it cannot be used with scopes.

> Note: Credential Instance identifier(s) cannot be used when the `scope` parameter is used in the Authorization Request to request issuance of a Credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `credential_identifiers` parameters cannot be used when the `scope` parameter is used in the Authorization Request to request issuance of a Credential.
```

A Client makes a Credential Request to the Credential Endpoint by sending the following parameters in the entity-body of an HTTP POST request using the `application/json` media type.

> * `format`: REQUIRED when the `credential_identifier` parameter was was not returned at the Token endpoint. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. String that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.

Author: ```suggestion
* `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. String that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.
```

A Client makes a Credential Request to the Credential Endpoint by sending the following parameters in the entity-body of an HTTP POST request using the `application/json` media type.

> * `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. String that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.
```

> * `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. String that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer: can we please stick to `REQUIRED when` or `REQUIRED if` throughout the specification text?

> * `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 4: Discussed on today's WG call how to improve this language, this was the consensus:

```suggestion
* `format`: REQUIRED if an Authorization Details of type `openid_credential` was not returned from the Token Response (e.g. when the credential was requested using a `scope` value in the authorization request or a pre-authorisation code was used that did not return an Authorization Details). It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that determines the format of the Credential to be issued, which may determine the type and any other information related to the Credential to be issued. Credential Format Profiles consist of the Credential format specific parameters that are defined in (#format-profiles). When this parameter is used, the `credential_identifier` Credential Request parameter MUST NOT be present.
```

> * `credential_identifier`: REQUIRED when `credential_identifiers` parameter was returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. String that identifies a Credential Dataset that is requested for issuance. When this parameter is used, the `format` parameter and any other Credential format specific parameters such as those defined in (#format-profiles) MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `credential_identifier`: REQUIRED when the `credential_identifiers` parameter was returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that identifies a Credential Dataset that is requested for issuance. When this parameter is used, the `format` parameter and any other Credential format specific parameters such as those defined in (#format-profiles) MUST NOT be present.
```

> * `credential_identifier`: REQUIRED when the `credential_identifiers` parameter was returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that identifies a Credential Dataset that is requested for issuance. When this parameter is used, the `format` parameter and any other Credential format specific parameters such as those defined in (#format-profiles) MUST NOT be present.

Reviewer 4: It's not a problem introduced in this pull request, but I don't find the "the `credential_identifiers` parameter was returned from the Token Response" language clear, and in fact on first reading it confused me into thinking we were talking about a new top level element in the token endpoint response.

Language that would be consistent with https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9396.html would be something like:

```suggestion
* `credential_identifier`: REQUIRED when an Authorization Details of type `openid_credential` containing the `credential_identifiers` field was returned in the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that identifies a Credential Dataset that is requested for issuance. When this parameter is used, the `format` parameter and any other Credential format specific parameters such as those defined in (#format-profiles) MUST NOT be present.
```

(If we agree this is better language then there's other places it should be applied too.)

Author: I don't like the current language as well, especially for the `format`: "REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response", which seems very ugly

Reviewer 4: Discussed on today's WG call; as `credential_identifiers` is required there's no need to mention it:

```suggestion
* `credential_identifier`: REQUIRED when an Authorization Details of type `openid_credential` was returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. A string that identifies a Credential Dataset that is requested for issuance. When this parameter is used, the `format` parameter and any other Credential format specific parameters such as those defined in (#format-profiles) MUST NOT be present.
```

A Client submits a Batch Credential Request to the Batch Credential Endpoint by sending a JSON object containing the following parameters in the entity-body of an HTTP POST request, using the `application/json` media type.

* `credential_requests`: REQUIRED. Array that contains Batch Credential Request objects, each of these objects may refer to a different Credential Configuration or the same Credential Configuration with a different Credential Dataset. A Batch Credential Request object contains either a `format` parameter (and possibly further Credential Format specific parameters) or a `credential_identifier` parameter, and additionally an optional `proofs` parameter. A Batch Credential Request object must not contain `proof` or `credential_response_encryption` parameters.

>   * `format`: REQUIRED when the `credential_identifier` parameter was was not returned at the Token endpoint. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. See (#credential-request).

Author: ```suggestion
  * `format`: REQUIRED if the `credential_identifiers` parameter was not returned from the Token Response. It MUST NOT be used otherwise. See (#credential-request).
```

   -14

>    * enable authorization_details in Token Request for Pre-Authorized Code Flow unambiguity when multiple Credential Configurations are present in the Credential Offer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * clarify that authorization_details can be present in the Token Request for Pre-Authorized Code Flow when multiple Credential Configurations are present in the Credential Offer
```
I cannot interpret the current sentence..

   * make `credential_identifiers` mandatory for authorization_details flow
   * changes proof type descriptions to accommodate for the batch issuance changes
   * changed Batch Issuance endpoint to differentiate between issuance Credential Configuration, Credential Dataset and instances of Credentials with different key material
   * changed Credential Endpoint to enable requesting multiple instances of a particular Credential Configuration and Dataset with different cryptographic material

>    * clarify optionality of scope and authorization_details for Authorization Request

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * clarify optionality of scope and `authorization_details` for Authorization Request
```
